Seed docs (#19)
brandnewbox/bnb-on-rails-book: scaffolding.md

-------------------------------------------

create_table :books do |t|
  t.string :title, null: false
  t.text :description
  t.float :price

  t.timestamps
end
```

> `null: false` specifies that a `book`record *must* have a title in order to be valid. To create the `Book` table run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`null: false` specifies that a `book`record *must* have a title in order to be stored in the database. Consider it an extra layer of validation. To create the `Book` table run
```
